Dip'dee Survival Privacy Policy

Last updated: 2018-04-11

This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.

What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our app ?

We do not collect informations from users of our app.

How do we use your information?

We do not use any informations from our app users.

How do we protect your information?

We never ask for credit card numbers.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
We do not use an SSL certificate
      • We only provide articles and information. We never ask for personal or private information like names, email addresses, or credit card numbers.


Third-party disclosure

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.

Third-party links

We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our app.


Changes To This Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy is effective as of 2018-03-14 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.

We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.


Contacting Us

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.

Florian Huet, Dip'dee
dipdee.dev@gmail.com

Last Edited on 2018-04-11

